You'll get so in the last section we saw how to build a case on API using Express.
Now we're going to see how to build something on top of our own space on API.
So we have to do API.
Now we're going to put it together with AJAX.
We'll be using Jake Weary but we could use fetcher X-posts or ex-aide char's J queries.
Easiest for what we're going to do though which is to build a simple to do list app on top of the to
do API.
And this video will just do a quick overview of functionality and if the requests that are being generated
and when they're being sent and then after this will dive into actually creating the code writing each
team will see assess and most importantly our AJAX calls.
OK so here we have some super basic styles.
Nothing spectacular.
The first thing I'll point out is that we're actually on the exact same server.
So if I go to a sash API slash to Dewes we get the adjacent data from the API.
And if I just go to the root route I'm actually getting content.
So our app is going to serve both based on content and static age Tim I'll file the one we see here.
So the first thing you should notice there's a list to use that are here already.
Every time I refresh the page these are coming from the database.
So when the page loads it open up the Network tab look at our exit char's you can see all fresh former
times you can see it appear.
This request is generated which if we look at it is going to slash API slash to use as a get request
so that's loading hard data and then we can do something like let's say add a new request and I'll keep
this open here just so that we can see the requests as they're sent.
So let's see Renwick's hero bake wedding cake hire deejay find a wife.
How about hire caterers caterers caterer.
OK.
Hit enter.
There's no button.
We just hit enter.
And if we look at our request for you it it sent to slash API slash to use as a post.
So we're using that second point.
Likewise if I click on one of these it's actually going to update it.
So on the view what we see is it will look like it's crossed out but actually it will send a request.
You can see here to slash API slash to do slash the giant You are the the giant ID as a put request.
And if we actually look at the body it contains completed.
True and if I do it again and look at that new one it contains completed faults and then finally if
we go over here we can click on the X that appears when we hover to delete one of them.
So let's say I found a caver.
Now it's gone.
I refresh the page and it's gone.
So I want to be clear that this is something that's supported by a database in our API.
We have some permanence behind our data.
So if I update things they stay updated until I change that.
So there's the basic functionality we'll be using a query to make things easier.
But before we can actually get there we have to set up our express app to serve static content.
How do we get it to respond with.
Tim LCAC s and Javascript rather than treason.
So that's next.